CHATVOICE CLOUD  -  one-time setup, done once by YOU (the person sharing the app)
Free service setup; Google consent verification can take longer. Your friends never configure the cloud.

WHAT IT IS
A free server on Cloudflare. It adds the bot to a Discord server, gives roles when people join through
your invite links, receives payment confirmations from the streamer's own gateway, and securely brokers
YouTube/Twitch sign-in for chat actions and platform alert subscriptions. Provider tokens are encrypted in D1; the cloud never holds money.

A. ACCOUNTS AND TOOLS
1. Free Cloudflare account (cloudflare.com). 2. Node.js LTS (nodejs.org).

B. DISCORD APPLICATION  (discord.com/developers/applications)
1. New Application, name it "ChatVoice".
2. Bot tab: Reset Token and copy it. Leave "Public Bot" ON.
   Also switch ON  "Server Members Intent"  (needed to see who just joined). No verification is needed for small bots.
3. OAuth2 tab: copy the Client ID and the Client Secret.

C. DEPLOY  (Command Prompt inside the "cloud" folder)
   npx wrangler login
   npx wrangler kv namespace create KV           -> paste the printed id into wrangler.toml (PASTE_KV_ID_HERE)
   npx wrangler d1 create chatvoice              -> paste the printed database_id into wrangler.toml (PASTE_D1_ID_HERE)
   npx wrangler deploy                           -> prints your address: https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev

D. PUBLIC APP PAGES FOR GOOGLE OAUTH
   The Worker serves the ChatVoice home page, privacy policy, and terms of service at:
       https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev/
       https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev/privacy
       https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev/terms
   Enter these as the app homepage, privacy policy, and terms links in Google Auth Platform > Branding.
   For public OAuth verification, Google may require domains used by the app to be verified in Search Console.
   A workers.dev hostname is shared infrastructure and is not a domain you own; if Google requires domain ownership,
   connect a domain you control to this Worker and use that domain for the public links and OAuth callback URLs.

E. REGISTER PLATFORM OAUTH APPS AND FINISH DISCORD
   Optional, but required to sign in for chat actions and authenticated platform alerts:
   1. Google Cloud Console > APIs & Services: enable YouTube Data API v3. Create an OAuth client of type "Web application".
      Prefer a separate Google Cloud project from the hosted moderation bot so their daily quotas are isolated.
      Add this authorized redirect URI:
          https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev/platform-auth/youtube/callback
      Configure the OAuth consent screen with an app name and support email. Google may require verification before
      allowing a broadly distributed app to request YouTube chat permissions. If the app remains in Testing, refresh
      tokens may expire after about 7 days.
   2. Twitch Developer Console > Applications: create an application and add this OAuth Redirect URL:
          https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev/platform-auth/twitch/callback
      Copy the Client ID and generate a Client Secret.
   3. In the Discord application's OAuth2 > Redirects, add BOTH (with your own address)
        https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev/setup/callback
        https://chatvoice-cloud.YOURNAME.workers.dev/link/callback
      Save changes in each provider console.

F. GIVE THE CLOUD ITS SECRETS  (each command asks you to paste the value)
   npx wrangler secret put DISCORD_CLIENT_ID
   npx wrangler secret put DISCORD_CLIENT_SECRET
   npx wrangler secret put DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN
   npx wrangler secret put GOOGLE_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID
   npx wrangler secret put GOOGLE_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET
   npx wrangler secret put TWITCH_CLIENT_ID
   npx wrangler secret put TWITCH_CLIENT_SECRET
   Generate a fresh encryption key:
       node -e "console.log(require('crypto').randomBytes(32).toString('base64'))"
   Save it when prompted:
       npx wrangler secret put PLATFORM_TOKEN_ENCRYPTION_KEY
   Never put these values in the repository or installer.
   npx wrangler deploy
   Optional chat translation setup:
   1. In the Cloudflare dashboard, open Workers AI and select "Get started" (or enable Workers AI for this account).
      Review Cloudflare's current pricing and usage limits before enabling it.
   2. Confirm cloud/wrangler.toml contains [ai] with binding = "AI". This project already has that binding configured;
      it does not need an API key or another secret.
   3. From the cloud folder, deploy the Worker after enabling Workers AI:
          npx wrangler deploy
   4. Open https://YOUR-ADDRESS/health and confirm WORKERS_AI is true. If it is false, verify the [ai] binding and
      deploy again.
   The Worker limits translation to 300 requests per day shared by all users and each message to 500 characters.

F. CHECK
   Open  https://YOUR-ADDRESS/health  : configured items should say true. It never shows secret values.
   Optional self-test of the cloud code:  node test.mjs

EACH STREAMER  (ChatVoice > Discord page)  -  NOTHING TO COPY, NO CLOUDFLARE LINK, NO KEY
1. Press "Add ChatVoice bot to my server". The browser opens on Discord: choose the server, press Authorize.
   ChatVoice connects by itself (the cloud address is built into the app, and the key comes back automatically).
   The bot asks for: Manage Roles (to give roles), Create Invite (to make the links), View Channels, and Manage Server
   (Discord requires it just to see how often each invite was used). If a server added the bot before this version,
   press the button again so it gets the new permissions.
2. Tick the platforms you stream on (YouTube / Twitch / Kick) and press "Create roles and invite links".
   The bot makes a role ("YouTube Viewer"...) and a never-expiring invite for each. Roles it creates sit below its own role,
   so no role-ordering is needed.
3. Put each invite link where that audience sees it (the YouTube link in the video description and pinned comment).
   Whoever joins through a link gets that role within about 2 minutes. Press "Check now" to see the links are working.
Everything else (manual keys, your own invites, chat-activity roles, link page) is under "Show advanced options".

EACH STREAMER  (ChatVoice > Connect page)
1. Paste a YouTube live URL or Twitch channel and press Connect to read chat. Reading still works without signing in.
2. Press Login on the YouTube or Twitch card and approve the requested permissions in your browser. The connected account
   name appears in ChatVoice. YouTube membership alerts come from live chat; YouTube new-subscriber alerts poll the API
   every five minutes and can only show subscribers whose subscriptions are public.
3. Twitch login enables follower, subscription/resubscription, gift, and raid alerts through EventSub. If you signed in
   before alert permissions were added, disconnect that Twitch account and log in again to grant the new scopes.
   Select YouTube or Twitch in Live chat to send a message or create a poll. YouTube actions only work for an active
   stream owned by the signed-in YouTube channel.
4. Disconnect the account from its platform card to revoke ChatVoice's provider grant and remove its cloud session. The app
   encrypts its session handle using Windows DPAPI; provider tokens are encrypted in the cloud's D1 database.
Kick remains read-only because this version has no supported Kick integration.
OPTIONAL CHAT TRANSLATION (each streamer)
1. Make sure the app is connected to the ChatVoice cloud from its Discord page. Translation uses this connection; YouTube
   or Twitch account login is not required.
2. Open Voice and turn on "Translate chat into English". It is off by default.
3. Start or connect to chat as usual. Allowed non-English messages are translated into English before they are spoken.
   English messages do not need translation. If translation fails, ChatVoice shows an error and tries to speak the
   original message.
The message text selected for translation is sent through the authenticated ChatVoice Worker to Cloudflare Workers AI.
The shared daily limit is 300 requests for all users; messages are limited to 500 characters. Check Cloudflare's current
pricing and usage in your account. To stop translation, turn the Voice option off.

PLATFORM LOGIN NOTES
- YouTube chat actions use the YouTube Data API and share the Google project's daily API quota across all app users.
  Message/poll creation costs 50 quota units per request; ChatVoice caps its own actions at 8,000 units/day (reset at
  midnight Pacific Time) to leave a safety margin. When the cap is reached, YouTube actions stop until reset; anonymous
  chat reading continues. A separate Google project for the hosted moderator bot avoids competing with its quota.
- If the Google consent screen is still in Testing, refresh tokens may expire after about 7 days and require sign-in again.
- The app never asks users to paste passwords or OAuth secrets. Do not distribute a build until OAuth apps and callback URLs
  are configured and Google's consent screen is ready for your intended audience.
- Keep PLATFORM_TOKEN_ENCRYPTION_KEY backed up securely. Changing it makes already-stored tokens unreadable; affected users
  will need to disconnect and sign in again.

THE PERSON WHO RUNS CHATVOICE (you) sets the cloud address once in app/config.py (CLOUD_URL) before building the installer.
The Discord developer portal still needs the two redirect links from step D above, and "Server Members Intent" switched on.

LIMITS OF INVITE ROLES (honest version)
- It proves WHICH INVITE someone used, not that they really watch or subscribe on YouTube.
- If people join through two different invites within the same 2 minutes, it cannot tell who used which, so it gives
  no roles that round. People who joined at that moment need the role by hand.
- Invites that expire or hit a use limit disappear and cannot be tracked. Use "never expire / no limit".
- Servers with more than 5,000 members are not fully scanned.

PAYMENTS (Razorpay, Stripe, Cashfree or any tool): see PAYMENTS-SETUP.txt.   YOUTUBE DELETING MESSAGES: see YT-MODERATION-SETUP.txt.

TROUBLESHOOTING
- /health shows false for something: set that secret again with  npx wrangler secret put NAME  then  npx wrangler deploy
- "Error 1101" or a Discord error about client_id: a secret is missing (check with  npx wrangler secret list).
- "Invalid redirect": the two redirect links in step D are missing or have a typo.
- "Could not give the ... role (403)": the ChatVoice role is below that role. Drag it higher.
- Invite check says "Server Members Intent": switch it on in the Developer Portal (Bot tab).
- Translation is unavailable: check /health for WORKERS_AI = true, confirm Workers AI is enabled in Cloudflare, and deploy
  the Worker again from the cloud folder. Also confirm the Discord cloud connection is active and translation is enabled
  under Voice.
- After updating the cloud files: run  npx wrangler deploy  again. Secrets and data are kept.
- Free limits (about 100,000 requests a day, 1,000 storage writes a day) are far above what ten streamers use.
